1)TDD
TDD (Test Driven Development) is a software development approach in which tests are written before writing the actual code.
The development cycle follows the Red – Green – Refactor pattern:
Steps in TDD:
Red: Write a test case for a feature that does not exist yet → test fails.
Green: Write the minimum code required to make the test pass.
Refactor: Improve and optimize the code while keeping all tests passing.

TDD focuses on writing reliable, maintainable, and bug-free code by validating every module through test cases beforehand.

2)Advantages of TDD:
1. Better Code Quality
Code becomes cleaner, more modular, and less complex because every unit is tested before development.
2. Fewer Bugs & Defects
Errors are detected early in the development phase, reducing the chances of bugs in production.
3. High Test Coverage
Every functionality has a test case, leading to high code coverage.
4. Easier Refactoring
Developers can modify or optimize code confidently because tests will catch new issues instantly.
5. Clear Requirements
Writing tests first helps clarify the requirements and expected behavior.
6. Reduced Debugging Time
Since tests pinpoint failing parts, debugging becomes faster and easier.

3)Disadvantages of TDD:
1. Time-consuming initially
Writing test cases before coding takes more time in the beginning.
2. Requires high skill
Developers must think logically and understand how to write good test cases. Beginners may struggle.
3. Tests may become outdated
If the application changes but tests are not updated, it leads to failing test suites.
4. Not suitable for UI-heavy projects
UI/UX screens change frequently, making test-based development difficult.
5. Increased maintenance
More test files mean additional maintenance effort as the project grows.

4)Tools used to do TDD:
Different languages use different TDD tools. Commonly used tools:
Java:
JUnit
TestNG
Mockito (for mocking objects)

JavaScript/Node.js:
Jest
Mocha
Chai

Python:
PyTest
Unittest

C#:
NUnit
xUnit

Automation Testing Tools:
Selenium + TestNG/JUnit

5)What is the use of Property File? Why not read from Excel?
A Property file (usually .properties or .config) is used to store key-value pairs such as:

Example:
url=https://example.com
browser=chrome
username=admin

Why is Property File used?
1. Simple key–value storage
Easy to read and load using Properties class in Java.
2. Faster to access
Reading .properties is very fast because it is a lightweight text file.
3. Easy to maintain
Updating a value (like browser name) is very simple—no formatting issues.
4. Less memory usage
Requires very small processing power compared to Excel.
5. Ideal for configuration
Properties are meant for application configuration, not for data storage.

Why Not Read from Excel?
1. Excel is heavy
Excel files (.xls, .xlsx) are not meant for configuration. They require libraries like Apache POI to read, which consumes more memory.
2. Slower to read
It loads rows, columns, cells—slow for simple config values.
3. Higher chance of formatting errors
If someone changes Excel formatting, the automation script may fail.
4. Not suitable for environment variables
URLs, passwords, browser names should not be stored in Excel.
